Multifile sources assembly (#8331)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
 * Parser: Fix an internal error for ``abstract`` without ``contract``.
 * Type Checker: Make invalid calls to uncallable types fatal errors.

>  * Assembly: Added multi file sources to assembly json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Assembly: Added missing `source` field to legacy assembly json output to complete the source reference.
```
